Title: Specialist, 5GP, 3VP
At the end of the game, gain VP based on the number of routes completed for a single resource. If you own this card multiple times, a different resource must be selected for each card.
1-3 Routes: 1VP
4-6 Routes: 3VP
7+ Routes: 5VP
Title: Generalist, 5GP, 3VP
At the end of the game, gain VP based on the number of resources you have completed routes for.
1-3 Resources: 1VP
4-5 Resources: 3VP
All 6 Resources: 5VP
Title: Local Patron, 3GP, 0VP
Once per round before shipping, declare a post you control to patronize: other players pay tariffs for that post to the bank instead of to you; you gain 1VP for each player that ships across the post.
Title: Exotic Souvenirs, 3GP, 3VP, 4
Blank.
Title: Palazzo, 5GP, 5VP, 4
Blank.
Title: Patron of the Arts, 3GP, 2VP
Once-per-round, pay 1GP for 1VP.
Title: Horselord, 3GP, 1VP
Gain 1V when you gain control of each of the following posts: Turfan, Kashgar, Samarkand, Atil, Cherson
Title: Shrinebuilder, 5GP, 1VP
Gain 1VP when you gain control of each of the following posts: Dunhuang, Turfan, Khotan, Kashgar, Delhi, Balkh, Xian
Title: Mosquebuilder, 5GP, 1VP
Gain 1VP when you gain control of each of the following posts: Medina, Palmyra, Baghdad, Alexandria, Tripoli, Merv, Rayy, Samarkand
Title: Churchbuilder, 3GP, 1VP
Gain 1VP when you gain control of each of the following posts: Venice, Constantinople, Kiev, Cherson
Title: Client-focused, 5GP, 2VP
Each round you complete shipments to two or fewer unique destinations, gain 2VP.
Title: Manor House, 7GP, 5VP
Gain 1GP at the start of the round.
Title: Travel Literature, 4GP, 2VP
Earn 2VP each round you have the longest shipment completed (measured by your route, not the shortest route possible).
Title: Missionaries, 3GP, 1VP
Gain an additional 1VP for controlling each of the following posts: Venice, Medina, Delhi, Xi’an, Tripoli, Kiev.
Title: Political Aspirations, 7GP, 3VP
Each round, instead of completing a route by shipping, mark it completed and gain 2VP (do not collect its reward).
Title: Careful Insults, 3GP, 0VP
Each round before shipping, mark one connection to a trade post you own with an additional Extra Cost +1GP marker. This is removed at the end of the round.
Title: Undercut, 1GP, 0VP
Once this game, before the Acquisition phase, force a post listed as a destination on an uncompleted route to go up for auction (as with competition). You must complete this route this round.
Title: Liquidation Expert, 3GP, 1VP
Whenever a trade post you own is put up for auction (either by an event or competition) you gain 2GP.
Title: Translators, 5GP, 2VP
Each round, pay no tariffs for using one trade post.
Title: Corrupt Customs, 4GP, 2VP
For one trade post you control each round, take 1GP from the bank for each other player’s shipment that passes through it.
Title: Convincing Marketers, 1GP, 0VP
Once this game, unmark one completed route, enabling it to be completed again (move the marker to this card to indicate it has been used).
Title: Smugglers, 2GP, 1VP
For one trade post each round, only pay tariffs once regardless of the number of routes passing through it.
Title: Caravanserai, 2GP, 1VP
Each round, ignore one Extra Cost connection.
Title: Forwarding Agent, 7GP, 4VP
Pay no additional cost for purchasing multiple Market cards.
Title: Market Stalls, 3GP, 2VP
When you complete the shortest route on a Contract card, gain an additional 1GP.
Title: Warehouses, 3GP, 2VP
Ignore Short Supply effects.
Title: Public Investment, 3GP, 1VP
When calculating interest, gain 1DP for every 4DP instead of every 3DP.
Title: Procurement Agent, 7GP, 3VP
Draw an additional Investment or Contract card during the Market phase.
Title: Bulk Shipping, 7GP, 3VP
Each round, you may double tariff costs paid on one shipment but increase its reward by 3GP.
